PMM-10680 enable pbm collector (#3162)
percona/pmm: docs/release-notes/2.43.0.md

Specifying a limit with `--max-collections` for this collector is not necessary.

!!! note "Operation collection limitation"
To minimize impact on disk usage, the CurrentOp collector is designed to collect only operations that have been running for longer than 1 minute. This limitation helps focus on potentially problematic long-running operations while keeping data volume manageable.

For more information on MongoDB collectors and metrics, see the [pmm-admin commands documentation](../use/commamds/pmm-admin.md).

### Monitoring for Percona Backup for MongoDB
PMM now supports monitoring your Percona Backup for MongoDB (PBM) setup and provides PBM-related metrics such as `pbm-agent` statuses, PITR configuration, and backup statuses.
This is made possible via a new PBM collector in MongoDB exporter that gives you visibility to your PBM set up via these metrics:
- `mongodb_pbm_cluster_backup_configured`
- `mongodb_pbm_agent_status`
- `mongodb_pbm_cluster_pitr_backup_enabled`
- `mongodb_pbm_backup_size`
- `mongodb_pbm_backup_duration_seconds`

> These metrics are enabled by default, and you do not have to do anything on your end to get them if you are already running Percona Backup for MongoDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These metrics are enabled by default. If you're already running Percona Backup for MongoDB, you'll automatically receive these metrics without any additional configuration.
```
